All of the screenshots are here
inside of the web page as usual.
I've given you the hover states,
how the buttons are supposed to
look on hover, and so forth.
Then the last part here, thinking
about the right semantic markup for
this page,
there may be more than one answer.
So give some thought to
that semantic markup and
think about why you choose
the answer that you choose.
And the second part that I say here is
that layouts are all about parents and
children.
So consider the impact of
grouping semantic elements and
surrounding them by dibs.
So how is that gonna change
the parent-child relationship?
We've seen that over and
over through many of these examples today.
But this really comes into play here
on these cards where we're moving
a lot of elements around on the page.
So if we open this on up
to our starting cards here,
you'll see that as usual we have
our base styles in place and
I've given you all of
the text here at the top.
So if you don't have time to mark up
all these, the markup is all the same.
Our Coffee is the title of the web page.
And then we have the title of Coffee, the
image, some blah blah, and this order now.
Think about how you're going
to mark that up semantically.
All right, so
the first step is always semantic HTML.
Let us go ahead and walk through
exactly how we put that together.
Andrew, how am I putting together my
heading here at the top of the page?
>> You're putting our coffee in a header.
>> Header.
>> And also in an h1.
>> And in an h1.
>> And
our trusty fancy text span on coffee.
>> And the fancy text on coffee,
span class=fancy-text.
/span.
Oops, /h1.
/header.
Cool, there we go.
Okay, now we move onto each one
of these particular items here.
There were a couple of ways that
you might pick to mark this up.
How might you think you'd mark this up?
>> I'm throwing everything in a card
from before coffee till after order now.
>> Yeah, it's definitely a card.
Yeah, absolutely, definitely a card.
So there's a couple of ways
that you could do this.
You could think of these as figures maybe.
I tend to not think of them as figures
because this is really about ordering
the coffee.
There's an action there at the end.
But we still need to show some kind of
relationship between all of this content.
So if you marked it up as a figure,
I'm not that mad at you.
But the way I wound up doing it was this.
I said a section with
a class of card container.
So this section is gonna go around
the entire, all of the cards.
So from the beginning all
the way down to the end.
And then for each individual card we
are going to give this an article,
because it feels like you
could syndicate this.
This is a whole bunch of different kinds
of coffee that it may be out there that's
why I chose article, but again you could
probably choose figure, or something else.
Or I'll go with a class card [COUGH] and
that article will end after
the order now button.
Okay, and as with most cards, the markup
is exactly the same, the content changes.
All right, so coffee,
what level of heading should coffee be?
>> H2.
>> An h2, cuz we have an h1
already Then we have our image.
We'll probably wanna put a div around it.
In case we wanna do magic with it later,
so
div with a class of card hyphen image,
and a slash div after the card.
Then we have a description,
what would be the markup for this?
>> P.
>> Probably just a paragraph,
yeah, just a paragraph.
And then comes the controversial part.
What are we going to do
with this order now?
>> Could be a button or link.
>> There could be a button or
a link is it a button or
is it a link that is
the ultimate question.
And the way you answer that is what
happens when you click on the button.
So and there's two ways that this could be
handled in real programming situations.
The button could be executing some kind
of script and magic is happening and
all kinds of other stuff.
Or we could be clicking a link that is
gonna parse some stuff across the URL and
do whatever, right?
So it's one of those two solutions.
If when you click the button,
there's a whole bunch of JavaScript
that's executing,
you'll use the HTML button, button.
If you are clicking this and it's actually
a link that is going to go do something,
then you use the link a href.
There is a difference between buttons and
links.
The totally wrong answer is it's a div.
Divs are not how we handle buttons.
There it's either gonna be a link or
it's going to be a button tag.
So in my case, I marked mine up with a,
I put a paragraph, and
then inside of that,
I put an a href='' # ''class="button".
Order Now /a
/p, okay?
So by the time you're done,
it should look like this.
You should have coffee smashed
up against the edge of the page.
There's your image,
stretched all the way across.
There's your paragraph.
There's your order now down there
with the default link styling, okay?
So you're gonna repeat that markup for
all of the rest of the cards
as we go on down the page.
Probably depends on which is easiest
to implement from the programming
perspective.